Introduce Transaction Monitoring Service (#100)
ethereum-optimism/monitorism: op-monitorism/transaction_monitor/README.md

# Transaction Monitor

A service that monitors Ethereum transactions for specific addresses and raises alerts based on configurable rules.

## Features

- Monitor transactions to specific addresses
- Configurable address filtering with multiple check types:
  - Exact match checking for allowlisted addresses
  - Dynamic allowlisting through dispute game factory events
- Threshold monitoring for transaction values
- Prometheus metrics for monitoring and alerting
- Flexible YAML configuration

## Configuration

Configuration is provided via YAML file. Example:

```yaml
l1_node_url: "http://localhost:8545"
start_block: 0
watch_configs:
  - address: "0xAE0b5DF2dFaaCD6EB6c1c56Cc710f529F31C6C44"
    filters:
      - type: exact_match
        params:
          match: "0x1234567890123456789012345678901234567890"
      - type: dispute_game
        params:
          disputeGameFactory: "0x9876543210987654321098765432109876543210"
    thresholds:
      "0x1234567890123456789012345678901234567890": "1000000000000000000"
```

> * A start block of 0 indicates latest block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A `start_block` set to `0` indicates latest block. 
```
